## What is the example level ?

The example level is a blueprint only game that shows how to use the DSC save system. It is a simple game of Tick Tack Toe. The board is dynamically sized based on the ui options the player can choose when they start the level. At any point the player can quite and come back to the game and it will be in the same state as when they left.

This is not intended to be a well built or thought out game. It's simply there to show how to use the save system and what DSC is capable of.

## How to play

Once started, you can click on any "square" of the board and it will place a `marker`. The marker will dynamically add a static mesh component based on which `MarkType` is set when it was spawned.  When three marks adjacent to each other are the same either horizontally, diagonally or vertically, the game will end resulting in a victory for the player of that mark type. If this does not happen by the time there are no more empty squares, the game will end in a draw.

## Points of Interest

Most of the save and load logic is handled in the player controller.  So that would be a good place to start to see any examples of how to use the system in a simple way.

The board generation all takes place in the GameBoard Blueprint. The board is generated by adding `GameBoardSlot` Components at runtime. They are a subclass of `StaticMeshComponent`. This is done to show that even custom subclasses of scene components will be saved and loaded correctly with DSC.

Most of the input happens in the `ExamplePawn` Blueprint. So if you want to see a simple example of the enhanced input system, that is a good place to look.